docs: next/dynamic in App Router, does not wrap a Suspense boundary (#74143)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-building-your-application/06-optimizing/07-lazy-loading.mdx

## `next/dynamic`

> `next/dynamic` is an enhancement of [`React.lazy()`](https://react.dev/reference/react/lazy), which allows you to also preload CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`next/dynamic` is an enhancement of [`React.lazy()`](https://react.dev/reference/react/lazy), which allows you to dynamically render a component with CSS preloading ability.
```

> **Good to know**: Before Next.js 15, `next/dynamic`:
>
> - Was a composite of [`React.lazy()`](https://react.dev/reference/react/lazy) and [Suspense](https://react.dev/reference/react/Suspense)
> - It behaved the same way in `app` and `pages` directories.

> When used within the `app` directory, `next/dynamic` does not wrap your component with a `Suspense` boundary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When used within the `app` directory, `next/dynamic` does not wrap your component with a `Suspense` boundary when you didn't specify a `loading` component. When `loading` is specified, it will be used as `fallback` of the `Suspense` boundary
```
